## Data Management Plan
   
  How will data be collected?
    The data will be retreived from the UC Davis HR department either via email or electronic link or via a physical harddrive. Temporary, contract, and limited positions posted to career opportunities website were pulled by the HR Department for years 2016-2018.
    
  Where will raw data be stored?
    The raw data will be stored on google drive under my UC Davis account - shunter@ucdavis.edu. The folder naming system will match what appears on github. A link to the raw and analyzed data will be available on github.
    
  How will the raw data be named?
    The raw data will be named: YYYYMMDD_tjp_ucddata1618_tcl_raw
    
    I chose this naming convention as there is a possibility that I may be able to obtain more data from the UC Davis HR department so the current date when the data was received is listed first. Following that I abbreviate temporary jobs project to tjp. Then I title it "ucddata1618" to note where the data originated and the years contained (2016-2018). Then I have tcl which stands for temporary, contract, and limited to note which positions are contained in the data. Finally I end with the word raw to denote that this is raw data.
    
  How will data be analyzed?
    
    The data will be analyzed in R using text mining techniques such as word frequency analysis and topic modeling.
    
  How will analyzed data be named?
    
    The analyzed data will have the same naming convention above but raw will be dropped and replaced with analyzed. For example: 20180709_tjp_ucddata1618_tcl_analyzed. Beginning the file name with the current date also gives me flexibility to change that if need be as I update the data. However, my hope is to only have two datasets. One, raw file and one that pulls from the raw file runs the code and then saves the data as the analyzed file.
    
  How will the analysis be recorded?
    The analysis will be recorded with an R script. In the script I will type detailed notes regarding what the code does.
    
    Where will the analyzed data be stored?
    The analyzed data will also be stored on google drive. Links available in the appropriate raw and analyzed data folders.
    
  How will the data be shared? Are there any considerations and restrictions for sharing your data?
    Potential repositories include UC Davis Dash, ResearchGate, ICPSR (Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research). The data was publicly available on the UC Davis website so there are no concerns about sensitive data.
